hello there people of dibley it's your
vicar geraldine here and it's red nose
day
i am rocking my plastic-free nose
and my party clothes and i'm ready for
fun
but of course there's no point having
fun if you don't raise oodles of cash
so as you know today i'm also going to
be doing my red nose day sponsorship
challenge
this is of course a tradition last year
i was sponsored five pounds per villager
if i could squeeze
a whole granny smith into my mouth
job done and then there was the year i
dyed my hair red
fashion high point and this year we had
some
great suggestions very popular was a
sponsored
silence for a year bit rude
and there was great support for owen
knew it's suggestion that i should
reenact lady gaga on her horse
also failed the rude test so instead
we've landed on what you're about to see
as you know
i'm a great admirer of popular music
hence the picture of saint george
here in my study and the slightly bigger
one
of saint stormzy over there
and so today i've been sponsored five
pounds each
by everyone in the village to lip sync
to my favorite song of last year dibbly
thanks for your generosity let's all
love each other because
generosity is the juice that keeps us
humans happy
so hair toss check my nails
and kick it
frank wake up and kick it please thank
[Music]
you
is
[Music]
i'm not the baddest
baby news
oh